##Route Documentation

##`/api/signup` POST request
- The client should pass in the user name and password.
- The password is temporarily stored and turned into a scrambled hash
- A new user is generated using this information and a token is created for the user and sent back as a response from the server.
- The server should respond with `400 Bad Request` to failed request

##`/api/login` GET request
- The client should pass in the user name and password with a `basicAuth` header.
- If a user is found with the given user name, the given password is compared with the hashed password saved in the database.
- A token is generated for the authenticated user and sent back as the server's response.
- If the password is invalid, the server should respond with `401 Unauthorized`.

##`/api/gallery` POST request
- Takes an id which is checked in the database to see if it matches the gallery. A name and description have to be provided in order for the gallery to be created. A user id is generated by mongoose and attached to the gallery. The gallery body is sent back in the server's response.
- The server responds with `401 unauthorized` if there is an invalid token and `400 bad request` if incorrect JSON data was sent.

##`/api.gallery/:id` GET request
- Takes a gallery id given by the client. If the id matches the id attached to the gallery, the gallery body is sent back in the response.
- The server responds with `401 unauthorized` if there is an invalid token and `404 Not Found` if the id was not found but the correct request was made.

##`/api.gallery/:id` PUT request
- Takes in an id and a body from the client. If the id given by the client matches the one on the gallery, the updated gallery body is sent back to the server.
- The server responds with `401 unauthorized` if there is an invalid token, `404 Not Found` if the id was not found but the correct request was made and `400 bad request` if incorrect JSON data was sent.


##`/api.gallery/:id` DELETE request
- Takes in an id from the client, which has to match the id on the gallery. It will delete the gallery associated with that Id from the server and send a status code `204 Successful Deletion` back to the server.
- If the id isn't found, the server responds with `404 Not Found`
